# Privacy

## General Information

We collect the e-mail addresses of those who sign up with AccessLint, aggregate
information on what pages consumers access or visit, and information volunteered
by the consumer. The information we collect is used to improve the content of
our web pages and the quality of our service, and is not shared with or sold to
other organizations for commercial purposes, except to provide products or
services you&#8217;ve requested, when we have your permission, or under the
following circumstances:

* It is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take
  action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving
potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Terms of
Service, or as otherwise required by law.

* We transfer information about you if AccessLint, inc. or AccessLint is
  acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, AccessLint, inc.
will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject
to a different privacy policy.

## Information Gathering and Usage

AccessLint, inc. uses collected information for the following general purposes:
products and services provision, billing, identification and authentication,
services improvement, contact, and research.

## Cookies

A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique
identifier, that is sent to your browser from a web site&#8217;s computers and
stored on your computer&#8217;s hard drive.

* Cookies are required to log in to AccessLint to view your subscriptions.

## Data Storage

AccessLint, inc. uses third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the
necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology
required to run AccessLint. Although AccessLint, inc. owns the code, databases,
and all rights to the AccessLint application, you retain all rights to your
data.

## Source Code

* AccessLint, inc. employees do not access AccessLint users&#8217; private
  source code unless AccessLint users give AccessLint, inc. employees explicit
written permission to access their source code in order to provide support.

* AccessLint does not store GitHub credentials.

## Disclosure

AccessLint, inc. may disclose personally identifiable information under special
circumstances, such as to comply with subpoenas.

## Changes

AccessLint, inc. may periodically update this policy. We will notify you about
significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice
to the primary email address specified in your AccessLint account or by placing
a prominent notice on our site.

## Questions

Any questions about the Privacy Policy should be addressed to
[support@accesslint.com](mailto:support@accesslint.com).
